{"lang":"en","availableLangs":["en"],"content":"You can 10x your visibility on LinkedIn in just one hour a week without even sounding like AI. So, if you're a busy entrepreneur who doesn't have 10 hours a week to spend writing posts that end up flopping, this is for you. I've built over 350 personal brands and written thousands of posts myself. In fact, I've tried every AI tool on the market and nothing comes close to this. And look, using AI to build your personal brand could either 10x your output or it could cost you your reputation. So, I don't recommend AI tools lightly. And ultimately, no AI tool is going to get you the results you want if you don't understand the fundamentals of building your personal brand, positioning yourself as an authority, amplifying your ideas through highquality content, and converting your audience into opportunities. However, there is one tool when combined with that knowledge will save you hours every week when it comes to building your personal brand. Skype is like having a personal strategist, content writer, and analyst in your pocket. And in this video, I'll break down exactly how I use Skype to save myself hours every single week when it comes to building my personal brand and reach millions of people in the process. Look, gone are the days where I used to have to struggle for ideas, spend hours drafting posts, and use LinkedIn's clunky features to figure out what works. Now, in order to join Scribe, you can do so through the link in the description. It's going to prompt you to log in using your LinkedIn profile, which you want to do. So, click that login using LinkedIn button. You also want to make sure you install the Chrome extension because what's going to happen when you set up your account is you're going to insert some information around who you are, what you do, what kind of content strategy you want to use. But Skype is then going to analyze all of the content you've published previously to give you analytics on it, but also to understand your tone and style, and it will then write content in the future based on that tonal style. So, it's really important you log in using your LinkedIn account and you have the Chrome extension installed. Once you set up your account, you're going to come to a dashboard that looks a little bit like like this. But the first thing I actually want you to focus on is the analytics tab. So if you come to the analytics tab down the side here, you can see all of your performance over a set time period. So it gives you the options of 7 days, 30, 3 months, 6 months a year. But you can actually customize this as well. So you can set custom date ranges if you want to analyze your content over the last 45 days for example. You can do that. And Scribe will give you your topline analytics all in one place really, really clearly. So, you can see here I've generated just over 750,000 impressions in the last 3 months, which, you know, it's okay. It's not crazy for me over the last 3 months. It's an improvement from the 3 months before over the summer, but it's not a wild number here. But what you can see is all of your key metrics broken down really clearly. You also have this breakdown of your top post. So, I can see exactly which one of my posts over the last 3 months have driven the best results. That allows me to go into those posts, analyze what worked and what didn't, look for the common trends among them, or even just repurpose them into new posts entirely. One of my favorite features, though, is this content table down the bottom here. Because what this allows you to do is filter all of your content over time by things like impressions or even likes or comments so that you can always see which posts are driving the best results. What you generally want to do is filter for the key engagement tab. So, I would be looking at things like impressions, comments, shares, and engagement rate. And these are the ones that you want to be repeating over and over again. You should look for trends amongst these posts to see if there are similar things that you're doing in all of your top performers, which you can learn from and do in your next post as well. However, you might have not have published loads and loads of content previously. You actually might be struggling to do this because you've not posted loads in the past. Actually, what you want to be able to do then is look at other people's content to get inspiration. And that's where the inspiration tab comes in handy. So, if you click on the inspiration tab here, it's going to bring up a load of posts that have performed well for other people. And this is a great source of inspiration. Remember, great artists steal. And you should be using other people's content to inspire your own, not copy it. There is a big difference between copying content and using content as inspiration. You should absolutely be using content as inspiration. Especially it's performed well. That's an indication that this sort of content might perform well in the future. So you can see here a load of new posts that have been published recently that have achieved high performance. You can also filter these for a specific topic. So if I wanted to talk about something like copywriting, for example, I could search copyrightiting into this bar at the top here. And what LinkedIn is going to do is pull all of the best pieces of content on copyrightiting. One thing I instantly notice is that this image has performed extremely well for two different people, suggesting that this is something people are clearly interested in. I might see a post I like, like this one from Jake Ward, who is an absolute legend in the space. And I might want to create more content like Jake Ward, and see what else he's posting. So, I can click on his profile here. And what it's going to allow me to do is see all of his content in one place. So, I can see all of a specific person's content all in one place. You might also search for someone like Justin Welch or Lara Costa to find out what they're doing as well. You can follow these people for content and tone as well, which means Skype will then use their content and their tone to inform your own. So, if you particularly like the tone that somebody else uses, you can follow for their content and tone. All of this is to say, there is countless sources of inspiration you can use to come up with your own posts and start repurposing what other people have already succeeded with to get results yourself. However, this is where Skype actually becomes worth its weight in gold. What you can also do is add to the knowledge base. Now you can either do this through the knowledge base here or you can come to sources here. Now what this allows you to do is upload documents, recordings, YouTube videos, websites that you've already got that Skype will then use to create content in your voice using your knowledge. So the more sources you add, the more Scripe is going to understand you and be able to create more accurate content. A big problem with a lot of AI tools is that what they produce is not reflective of the unique knowledge that you actually have. This feature from Scribe allows you to add very specific documents that it will then pull from when it is writing posts. For example, I could come to my YouTube channel here and I've put lots of time and effort into making lots of YouTube videos. I could take this one here. I'm going to copy the link to this video, which is an in-depth 18-minute guide I've written on creating a personal brand in 2026. And what I can do is select add source. You turn YouTube to content. I can just paste that link in there. You can see it's picked up the video and I can make sure it adds it to my knowledge base. What that means is it's going to use this video as a reference point for more content in the future. However, I can also create posts from this video specifically right now. And Scribe, now I'm recording this video right now is in the background actually drafting posts from the transcription of that YouTube video that I've uploaded. It's also now in the knowledge hub. So any prompts I give Scribe in the future, it will use this information in the video to inform it as well. And you can imagine the more resources you add to the knowledge base over time, the more videos or call recordings you have with your team or leave magnets you've created, even just internal documents and SOPs that you have in your business, the more of those you add, the more Skype learns about you and the better the AI tool becomes actually writing content in your voice. So that's actually produced a load of drafts that are generating at the moment. What I can also do is create posts from scratch in here. So if I select create post, I can of course upload more content if I want to content interviews, more YouTube content, even just an audio file or a voice note. I can upload into here, but I can also just generate it from text. So one of the key things that I like to push is let's use the narrative that uh content is a 24/7 salesperson. I don't even need to prompt Scribe. I don't have to engineer a really specific prompt like you might have to with something like Plext or Chat GBT. I can just put a very very simple statement in here and Skype is trained on writing high quality LinkedIn content. So I've put one of my core beliefs here which is that content is a 247 salesperson. If I use that now it's going to pull from all of the sources that are in my knowledge base and draft really high quality content. So I've allowed that to start generating some textbased posts and as I record this video it's literally doing it in real time. You can see how quick that is. Literally in a matter of seconds it's going to start pulling up pieces of content that I can then use. The first thing it does is it gives you the option to choose a hook. So, it's given me six options here that I could choose to form the hook for my post. I'm just going to say let's do um let's do this top one here. So, I'm going to choose that hook. It's then going to use that to form a post. What it's doing right now is it's analyzing the tone I've used on all my previous content, the tone I've asked it to use in my onboarding, and all of the resources and uh material in my knowledge hub to craft a perfect piece of content. Now, it's extremely rare that any AI tool you use will create a perfectly polished draft that is ready to post first time round without much input from you, but Scribe gets pretty close to it. And all I have to do now is tweak a few certain things to get this to the point where it's actually ready to go. So, you know, I like the hook. Um, we already created that, so I selected that one. I might just change this line here. So, while you're in bed, I might change that to sleeping, eating lunch, or taking the day off. I'm going to say my content is working. So, I'm going to change this to uh frame it around me. So, I'm going to make a simple edit there. This is great. This is slightly punchy and a bit on the nose. So, I like this. I'm just going to change the line ordering here just for the aesthetics of the post. It makes it slightly easier to read if the lines increase by length. This is great. I love this. I'm just going to change some of the line formatting just so it's easy to read on the platform. And take that out. Okay, this is fantastic. And this post is pretty much ready to go. Now, I'm going to take out this um small section here just cuz I don't like the PS. I might change the PS in there, but that is pretty much ready to go, that piece of content. And it sounds like me. It's the kind of thing I would write naturally anyway, but I've saved myself probably 20, 30 minutes producing this piece of content. There might be some more edits that I make to it in the future, but this gets us far close to a finished piece of content that we would have been previously. And the best part, it is not generic advice or information that anyone could spit out on LinkedIn like most of the AI written posts you see are. It's actually using material and IP that I've developed myself that it is sourcing from the knowledge base and sources that I've shared. So if I want to, I can edit this post myself manually. I can also prompt Scribe to make changes. So if I wanted to make the post shorter, I can simply click that one button and Scribe is instantly going to start actioning that I can give it specific requests as well. If I want to change the style of the post or even the hook, I can give it very specific requests around that, too. So, this really is an all-in-one content assistant. Now, as I said, if you don't understand the basic principles of content psychology around how humans consume content, this is only going to get you so far. But once you understand those principles, this is going to save you hours and hours every single week. You'll notice at the top here, I can literally publish this directly onto my LinkedIn account from Scribe right now, or I can simply add it to my schedule, and I can select the date and time that I want this to go live. It's very very simple to actually turn your drafts from, you know, theoretical drafts on Scribe into actual publish posts on LinkedIn. What I would then do is use this tool to create a load of different drafts, schedule them onto my LinkedIn, and then I would come back maybe 30 to 90 days later and I would analyze all of my content to see what is performing well. Now, when you're analyzing your content using the analytics feature, I recommend using three at least a month as a timeline. Ideally, 3 months. anything less than a month, you don't tend to have the the the volume of data you need for the sample to be, you know, actually accurate of the performance you've had. So, generally, you want to look at things on a 30-day plus timeline. Typically, 3 months is a good timeline to look at it on. And you can see which pieces of content have performed well. I might see, for example, that this profile guide I created has performed really well for me. You'll notice if I just click on the guide on Scrie, it takes me straight to the post on LinkedIn. So, this is one that's performed really well. that might be one that I emulate in the future. I can see here this is the most recent post that I've published. I can see this one. I can open it up and again see the piece of content live on LinkedIn very simply. So once you've posted for say 30 days to 3 months, you want to come into the analytics tool again and analyze what's working well for you and repeat posts that have worked in the past. And that really is how I use Skype. It's a very very simple and intuitive tool, but saves me hours every single week and helps me reach hundreds of thousands of people every single month. Now, I have actually teamed up with Scripe to help you guys test this out if you want to. So, you can get $25 off your first month when you use the code Kogo25 and sign up through the link below. That's K U R O G O. And for as little as, you know, £116 a day or whatever it is, this is an absolute no-brainer for the time it takes you. So, click on the link in the description and use the code K R O G25 to get $25 off your first month and try Scribe today. And look, if you want to go deeper into some of the principles of building your personal brand and you just want a full blueprint for scaling yours on LinkedIn, why don't you check out this video I recorded which helps you do just"}